Docs :- information regarding a new command. (#10407)
meshery/meshery: CONTRIBUTING.md

   `git push origin <my-changes>`
1. Open a pull request (in your web browser) against our main repo: https://github.com/meshery/meshery.

> **Note:** Alternatively , this command can be used `bundle exec jekyll serve --drafts --livereload --incremental --config _config_dev.yml` where  it live reloads the webpage and since it builds the website first  and then runs it being on Jekyll, it may take a little time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Alternatively, LiveReload is available as an option during development: with jekyll serve --livereload no more manual page refresh. 

`bundle exec jekyll serve --drafts --livereload --incremental --config _config_dev.yml`
```
